test: Add tests for data storage (#21)
y-scope/spider: docs/tests.md

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to call this `testing.md`.

> # Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Testing
```

> ## Setup storage backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up a storage backend
```

"Set up" is the verb, "setup" is the noun.

> Spider relies on a fault-tolerant storage to store metadata and data. Unit tests need the storage
> backend available to run the unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spider relies on a fault-tolerant storage backend to store metadata and data. Spider's unit tests
also require this storage backend.
```

> ### Setup Mysql as storage backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up MySQL as storage backend
```

> 1. Start a Mysql database running in background.
> 2. Set the password for `root` or any create another user with password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start a MySQL database.
2. Set the password for `root` or create another user with a password.
```

3. Create an empty database.

> 4. Set the `cStorageUrl` in `tests/storage/StorageTestHelper.hpp` to
>    `jdbc:mariadb://localhost:3306/<db_name>?user=<usr>&password=<pwd>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set `cStorageUrl` in `tests/storage/StorageTestHelper.hpp` to
   `jdbc:mariadb://localhost:3306/<db_name>?user=<db_user>&password=<db_password>`
   * Replace `db_name`, `db_user`, and `db_password` with the values used in steps 2 & 3.
```

## Build and run unit tests

> To build the unit tests, run the following commands in project root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and run the unit tests, run the following commands in the project's root directory.
```

```shell
cmake -S . -B build
cmake --build build --target unitTest --parallel
./build/tests/unitTest
```

> If the tests show error message for connection function below, revisit
> the [Setup storage backend](#setup-storage-backend) and double check if `cStorageUrl` is correctly
> set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the tests show an error message for the connection function below, revisit the
[Set up storage backend](#set-up-a-storage-backend) section and check if `cStorageUrl` is set
correctly.
```
